Showers continued throughout the week in
the Bahia cocoa zone, alleviating the drought since early
January and improving prospects for the coming temporao,
although normal humidity levels have not been restored,
Comissaria Smith said in its weekly review.
    The dry period means the temporao will be late this year.
    Arrivals for the week ended February 22 were 155,221 bags
of 60 kilos making a cumulative total for the season of 5.93
mln against 5.81 at the same stage last year. Again it seems
that cocoa delivered earlier on consignment was included in the
arrivals figures.
    Comissaria Smith said there is still some doubt as to how
much old crop cocoa is still available as harvesting has
practically come to an end. With total Bahia crop estimates
around 6.4 mln bags and sales standing at almost 6.2 mln there
are a few hundred thousand bags still in the hands of farmers,
middlemen, exporters and processors.
    There are doubts as to how much of this cocoa would be fit
for export as shippers are now experiencing dificulties in
obtaining +Bahia superior+ certificates.
    In view of the lower quality over recent weeks farmers have
sold a good part of their cocoa held on consignment.
    Comissaria Smith said spot bean prices rose to 340 to 350
cruzados per arroba of 15 kilos.
    Bean shippers were reluctant to offer nearby shipment and
only limited sales were booked for March shipment at 1,750 to
1,780 dlrs per tonne to ports to be named.
    New crop sales were also light and all to open ports with
June/July going at 1,850 and 1,880 dlrs and at 35 and 45 dlrs
under New York july, Aug/Sept at 1,870, 1,875 and 1,880 dlrs
per tonne FOB.
    Routine sales of butter were made. March/April sold at
4,340, 4,345 and 4,350 dlrs.
    April/May butter went at 2.27 times New York May, June/July
at 4,400 and 4,415 dlrs, Aug/Sept at 4,351 to 4,450 dlrs and at
2.27 and 2.28 times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at 4,480 dlrs and
2.27 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith said.
    Destinations were the U.S., Covertible currency areas,
Uruguay and open ports.
    Cake sales were registered at 785 to 995 dlrs for
March/April, 785 dlrs for May, 753 dlrs for Aug and 0.39 times
New York Dec for Oct/Dec.
    Buyers were the U.S., Argentina, Uruguay and convertible
currency areas.
    Liquor sales were limited with March/April selling at 2,325
and 2,380 dlrs, June/July at 2,375 dlrs and at 1.25 times New
York July, Aug/Sept at 2,400 dlrs and at 1.25 times New York
Sept and Oct/Dec at 1.25 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith
said.
    Total Bahia sales are currently estimated at 6.13 mln bags
against the 1986/87 crop and 1.06 mln bags against the 1987/88
crop.
    Final figures for the period to February 28 are expected to
be published by the Brazilian Cocoa Trade Commission after
carnival which ends midday on February 27.

Standard Oil Co and BP North America
Inc said they plan to form a venture to manage the money market
borrowing and investment activities of both companies.
    BP North America is a subsidiary of British Petroleum Co
Plc &lt;BP>, which also owns a 55 pct interest in Standard Oil.
    The venture will be called BP/Standard Financial Trading
and will be operated by Standard Oil under the oversight of a
joint management committee.

Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc's Texas
Commerce Bank-Houston said it filed an application with the
Comptroller of the Currency in an effort to create the largest
banking network in Harris County.
    The bank said the network would link 31 banks having
13.5 billion dlrs in assets and 7.5 billion dlrs in deposits.
BankAmerica Corp is not under
pressure to act quickly on its proposed equity offering and
would do well to delay it because of the stock's recent poor
performance, banking analysts said.
    Some analysts said they have recommended BankAmerica delay
its up to one-billion-dlr equity offering, which has yet to be
approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    BankAmerica stock fell this week, along with other banking
issues, on the news that Brazil has suspended interest payments
on a large portion of its foreign debt.
    The stock traded around 12, down 1/8, this afternoon,
after falling to 11-1/2 earlier this week on the news.
    Banking analysts said that with the immediate threat of the
First Interstate Bancorp &lt;I> takeover bid gone, BankAmerica is
under no pressure to sell the securities into a market that
will be nervous on bank stocks in the near term.
    BankAmerica filed the offer on January 26. It was seen as
one of the major factors leading the First Interstate
withdrawing its takeover bid on February 9.
    A BankAmerica spokesman said SEC approval is taking longer
than expected and market conditions must now be re-evaluated.
    "The circumstances at the time will determine what we do,"
said Arthur Miller, BankAmerica's Vice President for Financial
Communications, when asked if BankAmerica would proceed with
the offer immediately after it receives SEC approval.
    "I'd put it off as long as they conceivably could," said
Lawrence Cohn, analyst with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and
Smith.
    Cohn said the longer BankAmerica waits, the longer they
have to show the market an improved financial outlook.
    Although BankAmerica has yet to specify the types of
equities it would offer, most analysts believed a convertible
preferred stock would encompass at least part of it.
    Such an offering at a depressed stock price would mean a
lower conversion price and more dilution to BankAmerica stock
holders, noted Daniel Williams, analyst with Sutro Group.
    Several analysts said that while they believe the Brazilian
debt problem will continue to hang over the banking industry
through the quarter, the initial shock reaction is likely to
ease over the coming weeks.
    Nevertheless, BankAmerica, which holds about 2.70 billion
dlrs in Brazilian loans, stands to lose 15-20 mln dlrs if the
interest rate is reduced on the debt, and as much as 200 mln
dlrs if Brazil pays no interest for a year, said Joseph
Arsenio, analyst with Birr, Wilson and Co.
    He noted, however, that any potential losses would not show
up in the current quarter.
    With other major banks standing to lose even more than
BankAmerica if Brazil fails to service its debt, the analysts
said they expect the debt will be restructured, similar to way
Mexico's debt was, minimizing losses to the creditor banks.

 Reserves I, II and III have matured. Level IV reflects
grain entered after Oct 6, 1981 for feedgrain and after July
23, 1981 for wheat. Level V wheat/barley after 5/14/82,
corn/sorghum after 7/1/82. Level VI covers wheat entered after
January 19, 1984.  X-1986 rates. Y-dlrs per CWT (100 lbs).
n.a.-not available.
Argentine grain board figures show
crop registrations of grains, oilseeds and their products to
February 11, in thousands of tonnes, showing those for futurE
shipments month, 1986/87 total and 1985/86 total to February
12, 1986, in brackets:
Moody's Investors Service Inc said it
lowered the debt and preferred stock ratings of USX Corp and
its units. About seven billion dlrs of securities is affected.
    Moody's said Marathon Oil Co's recent establishment of up
to one billion dlrs in production payment facilities on its
prolific Yates Field has significant negative implications for
USX's unsecured creditors.
    The company appears to have positioned its steel segment
for a return to profit by late 1987, Moody's added.
    Ratings lowered include those on USX's senior debt to BA-1
from BAA-3.